README.md, before:

     _______  .___ _______        ____.  _____   
     \      \ |   |\      \      |    | /  _  \  
     /   |   \|   |/   |   \     |    |/  /_\  \ 
    /    |    \   /    |    \/\__|    /    |    \
    \____|__  /___\____|__  /\________\____|__  /
         web\/framework   \/                  \/ 
        


Ebean support for Ninja
=======================
Ebean is a simple and powerful ORM tool.
This plugin allows to use Ebean in any Ninja 
application.

More
----

 * Source: http://github.com/ninjaframework/ninja
 * Continuous integration: [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/ninjaframework/ninja-ebean.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/ninjaframework/ninja-ebean)
 

Getting started
---------------
Configuring the module for your application is quite easy. There
is a demo application that shows you how to do it.
Check out subproject ninja-ebean-demo/pom.xml for 
further information.

More about Ebean: http://www.avaje.org

Overview
--------

This module works with a wide range of Ebean versions. It currently uses a 
minimum version of ebean v3.2.5, but has also been tested with the latest versions
in the 4.x series. Since this module more or less configures the ebean server,
it should be compatible with any ebean release that continues to support those
configuration properties.

NOTE: This module only supports a single (default) ebean server.  Feel free to
contribute code to the project if you need other features. Thanks!

Setup
-----

1) Add your db conf to your application.conf file. For a simple H2 database:

    ebean.datasource.databaseUrl=jdbc:h2:testdatabase:tests;DB_CLOSE_DELAY=-1;AUTO_SERVER=TRUE
 
For a MySQL database (you'll also need to add the MySQL driver dependency to
your project)

    ebean.ddl.generate = false
    ebean.ddl.run = false
    ebean.models = com.company.models.*,org.otherorg.models.Foo
    ebean.datasource.name = NameOfEbeanServer
    ebean.datasource.databaseUrl = jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/dbname
    ebean.datasource.databaseDriver = com.mysql.jdbc.Driver
    ebean.datasource.username = root
    ebean.datasource.password = test


Please note that <code>ebean.models</code> accepts a comma delimited list of
both class names as well as packages (just make sure it ends with .*)

2) Add the ninja-ebeans dependency to your pom.xml:

    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.ninjaframework</groupId>
        <artifactId>ninja-ebean-module</artifactId>
        <version>1.4.1</version>
    </dependency>
    
3) Add ebean's enhancer plugin to your pom.xml:

    <plugin>
        <groupId>org.avaje.ebeanorm</groupId>
        <artifactId>avaje-ebeanorm-mavenenhancer</artifactId>
        <version>4.7.1</version>
        <executions>
            <execution>
                <id>ebean-enhancer</id>
                <phase>process-classes</phase>
                <configuration>
                    <classSource>${project.build.outputDirectory}</classSource>
                    <packages>models</packages>
                    <transformArgs>debug=1</transformArgs>
                </configuration>
                <goals>
                    <goal>enhance</goal>
                </goals>
            </execution>
        </executions>
    </plugin>

4) Install the module in your conf.Module:

    protected void configure() {

        // This installs the NinjaModule and handles the lifecycle
        install(new NinjaEbeanModule());
    }
    
    
And that's it already :)

Commit message:

Update README with new compatibility info

README.md, after:

     _______  .___ _______        ____.  _____   
     \      \ |   |\      \      |    | /  _  \  
     /   |   \|   |/   |   \     |    |/  /_\  \
    /    |    \   /    |    \/\__|    /    |    \
    \____|__  /___\____|__  /\________\____|__  /
         web\/framework   \/                  \/



Ebean support for Ninja
=======================
Ebean is a simple and powerful ORM tool.
This plugin allows to use Ebean in any Ninja
application.

More
----

 * Source: http://github.com/ninjaframework/ninja
 * Continuous integration: [![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/ninjaframework/ninja-ebean.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/ninjaframework/ninja-ebean)


Getting started
---------------
Configuring the module for your application is quite easy. There
is a demo application that shows you how to do it.
Check out subproject ninja-ebean-demo/pom.xml for
further information.

More about Ebean: http://www.avaje.org

Overview
--------

This module works with the latest versions of Ebean and it currently requires a
minimum Ebean version of v6.16.4. Since this module more or less configures the Ebean server,
it should be compatible with any Ebean release that continues to support current
configuration properties.

If you need compatibility with earlier versions of Ebean please see [v1.5.1](https://github.com/ninjaframework/ninja-ebean/releases/tag/ninja-ebean-1.5.1) which supports a minimum Ebean version v3.2.5, and has also been tested with the later versions
in the 4.x series.

NOTE: This module only supports a single (default) Ebean server.  Feel free to
contribute code to the project if you need other features. Thanks!

Setup
-----

1) Add your db conf to your application.conf file. For a simple H2 database:

    ebean.datasource.databaseUrl=jdbc:h2:testdatabase:tests;DB_CLOSE_DELAY=-1;AUTO_SERVER=TRUE

For a MySQL database (you'll also need to add the MySQL driver dependency to
your project)

    ebean.ddl.generate = false
    ebean.ddl.run = false
    ebean.models = com.company.models.*,org.otherorg.models.Foo
    ebean.datasource.name = NameOfEbeanServer
    ebean.datasource.databaseUrl = jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/dbname
    ebean.datasource.databaseDriver = com.mysql.jdbc.Driver
    ebean.datasource.username = root
    ebean.datasource.password = test


Please note that <code>ebean.models</code> accepts a comma delimited list of
both class names as well as packages (just make sure it ends with .*)

2) Add the ninja-ebeans dependency to your pom.xml:

    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.ninjaframework</groupId>
        <artifactId>ninja-ebean-module</artifactId>
        <version>1.4.1</version>
    </dependency>

3) Add ebean's enhancer plugin to your pom.xml:

    <plugin>
        <groupId>org.avaje.ebeanorm</groupId>
        <artifactId>avaje-ebeanorm-mavenenhancer</artifactId>
        <version>4.7.1</version>
        <executions>
            <execution>
                <id>ebean-enhancer</id>
                <phase>process-classes</phase>
                <configuration>
                    <classSource>${project.build.outputDirectory}</classSource>
                    <packages>models</packages>
                    <transformArgs>debug=1</transformArgs>
                </configuration>
                <goals>
                    <goal>enhance</goal>
                </goals>
            </execution>
        </executions>
    </plugin>

4) Install the module in your conf.Module:

    protected void configure() {

        // This installs the NinjaModule and handles the lifecycle
        install(new NinjaEbeanModule());
    }


And that's it already :)
